hello we begin in Gaza where the Israeli
Army is continuing its bombardment
soldiers have just stormed the Kamal
adwan Hospital in the North after laying
Siege to it for several days these
pictures are from last week but they
show the courtyard where Israeli forces
are rounding up all the men in the
hospital including health workers in
southern Gaza at least 20 Palestinians
have been killed in a dawn attack on
several homes in rafah the Israeli milit
is pressing on with its offensive and
bombing civilian areas more than
18,200 Palestinians have now been killed
since the War Began meanwhile in the
occupied West Bank four Palestinians
were killed in a drone strike during an
Israeli raid on the city of Janine the
Palestine red crescent says Israeli
forces prevented ambulances from
reaching the injured all of this comes
as the United Nations is warning of what
it calls a breakdown of civil order in
Gaza due to the limited delivery of
desperately needed humanitarian Aid
Israel announcing it will set up new
checkpoints to increase the number of
eight trucks entering Gaza but critics
say it will result in significant delays
the UN says at least 200 trucks are
needed every day just to meet basic
needs Han Mahmud is live in southern
Gaza in RAF Forest soy first of all uh
this raid on the Kamal adwan Hospital
what more are you hearing on that
yes H there are more disturbing reports
confirmed reports of Israeli military
storming Kamal adwan hospital it's
important to point out adwan hospital is
a midsize Hospital the only remaining
health facility in the northern part
within the past few days it came under
heavy bombardment and air strikes and
Tang sh destroying the vast majority of
its facilities and all the major roads
leading to it now there are people who
took it as a refuge a shter running away
from the uh the air strike Relentless
bombardment their neighborhoods now
we're talking about hundreds of people
inside the hospital including the
medical team and those who were brought
as injuries and the patients in the in
the hospital and hundred other of
evacuees inside the hospital the
disturbing report what we got from the
Kamal adwan hospital that the is really
military on loudest speakers at order
during the administration of the
hospital to hand in all the guns that
the security Personnel at the hospital
carry in order to protect the the
hospital uh they were collected by the
Israeli military now there anyone above
the age of 15 was also ordered to start
evacuating the hospital with their hands
above their their head the Israeli
military started to blindfold those uh
men inside the hospital Round them up
inside the court of the hospital so far
the situations are very very difficult
for people inside just to give a broader
picture of what happened over the past
few weeks the hospital came under heavy
air strikes and Tang Shi where a 100
almost 100 people killed inside the
courty yard of the hospital and the
hospital resorted into digging grave
massive graveyard just to bury them
because they could not take them outside
the hospital this is not the first time
Hospital are becoming under heavy
attacks but it it looks like it's a war
not only on
evacuation shelters but also including
hospital we seen a sha Hospital the
Indonesian hospital as well within the
past uh a few weeks it's also important
to point out only nine out of the 40
hospitals across the Gaza Strip are
remaining and operating at the low
capacity possible in the central part
and the southern part of the Gaza
Strip and hany uh we heard as well about
air strikes at dawn today in RAF at
least 20 killed according to to
Palestinian uh medical sources what are
you
hearing well this is another thing has
that keeps overwhelming Hills facilities
across the g d more air strikes means
more death more destruction more
displaced people they end up going to
hospital seeking as a refuge with the
adone earlier hours of this morning a
group of residential home in the
northern part of Rafa City a supposedly
safe area as designated by the Israeli
military came under heavy a massive
multiple air strikes where a group of
residential was completely destroyed
we're talking about 23 people confirmed
dead uh so far and multiple other
injuries the number is expected to rise
as still people searching under the
rubbles and with with no equipments and
and and little Machinery available
people are using their bare hands to
remove large pieces of concrete and
cement just to get people from under
dble we expecting the number to go up
and this might take not only hours or
days uh just an example of how he graved
the situation and attack that took place
in mid November people were able to
remove a deceased body from under dbls
within the past two days this is how
long it takes giving the difficulty of
the situations uh on the ground just
within the past 40 minutes there were
more air strikes two people were killed
and those are strike brought to the
Kuwaiti hospital here pronounced dead
right here and multiple other injuries
the air strike continue the bombardment
continues and the war continue to pound
the Gaza Strip from north to
south hany thanks for that hany Mahmud
live for there in southern Gaza